look at the little slogan for example
do power extreme be strong
yes, but let's think about doing
bodybuilding be and do mans
physicist be here like you continued
you can do a second
Of course you can actually think about it.
such from a very interesting point because
that when someone comes from athletes
bodybuilders on television see them
lead yes ordinary there do not know there
ordinary ordinary people and they seeing before
healthy
huge man is huge tall
mass they immediately as if here immediately for
themselves.
window force came well ka neither force came
current did not come well you know by the word
cleaned can be different mean
Karelia has an interview is necessary that he
after all, that he was asked such a question who
such a man who is he
answered the man's soul is characterized by strength
man is the one who is strong leading
surprised that he was just strong under
the sun is divided just rude
male physical strength already said that
no according to
yes according to the village I mean love
respect
friendship is such a strong soulful
it is the quality that we are now very old and
go far yes look
most questions on pharmacology up
gets bodybuilder pc rank for
which headlamps is also a component
part of the export a these questions go to
less why because strong man
there is as it were understandable for the ordinary
human goal his goal is to become the most
strong and when he comes on
television for example or on the interview all
that you raised half a ton raised
what kind of fabulous person
and they have a conversation goes to the right
topic
that is great nothing personal yes just
be strict to become the most
strong bodybuilder comes him gotta
be the flag on this very shirt
so that journalists do not have
questions about what this chuck ask
let's help you okay you can
say so on feast do
bodybuilding be great i think that
it is unlikely to be motivation by words
be big everyone will understand something
because it will be just great in
bodybuilder is not the biggest people there
well , still machines can and 150 and
170 kilograms in competitions hang
the greatest ones will be them
it means there will be a prisoner not a sport 1 second
they are not the biggest
2 strongest and not the strongest yes
okay start from the other side the most
beautiful because there are contests
beauty
let's do this mans physicist build
the most beautiful body so to say
so you can say this topic started
yesterday with Denis Gusev
nasko competition we help bodybuilding
find your face look means there is such
as a service this example you want to be
strong do power extreme
suppose to
do not even do power extreme
to be strong before do it
bodybuilding to be beautiful this
controversial thesis let 's take now
heavyweights there we take that audience
those people who are on top
bodybuilding yes there is an example there I don't know
cutler yes there kalman well it's beautiful
relatively well let's let 's give herself
beautiful word
mens-physicist want to be beautiful occupying
simmons teaser
body-building
beauty is conditional understand it if
Now I will say this force is also conditional
concept you can be engaged
power extremes may be charged
weightlifting can and matzo
arm wrestling there is such a very
good ones
of king very good phrase very
good concepts if you want to sell
the film you have to say its essence alone
a sentence if you can't express
clear and incendiary essence of the film
you have no movie in one sentence
not the scenario we have bodybuilding we
we want to sell it up to
honestly beauty does not give in to that
the dispute begins and say so as not to
was controversy I do not know when that
me with rhymes don't come i can
to speculate on this topic then
me personally
I think that to anyone.
bodybuilder if someone calls
a monster or even freecom he only
will be glad at least i'm when i'm here
let's go in the summer go to the mall
there mega let's say dates i go here
really phreak here and people come from
it looks so they disappear gift
speeches
Others are suitable, they can be like this
touch that is how many people there are
who read something beautiful maybe
and we do not know, I think units
offer is counting on trial
viewers want to dominate in doing
bodybuilding here agree yes and
agree why because they themselves here
let's say if you take big bodybuilders
healthy people just in shape if
they are dominator me to some
people who start rumors
start there somewhere on the sly poke
they thereby raise us even higher
begin to humiliate themselves so all the same
yes this dominance is beautiful
big body
I mean beautiful big is not easy
beautiful and this is probably yes dominator and
nice and very big and very big
body but beautiful is very big she
ugly we said our version for
you in the competition continues to do
small current we know what to become
the strongest
need to do power extreme off
we would come to you yourself to conclude that
to build a beautiful body you need
engage mans physicist well or
classic bodybuilding and so we
announce a contest
how to continue the phrase do it
Young will take to send someone here
the best answer is a prize from us
dare